Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have some validation check for our image.
And also we are going to be able to upload the image to the storage and the cloud faster database.
To do this, we are going to go back to our VSD code and what we can do is before this always we can
just alight everything till this end and use control and see.
And we're going to have another check.
Hopefully.
Okay.
I think it's.
Yeah.
Okay.
And we're going to have another check.
We can say if the image.
But this underscore image.
Then is not equal to.
No.
If it is not equal to null, then we want to do this.
Right.
Okay.
Else over here.
You can add on that as.
If the you are basically having to check the first check is if the form is valid.
And we're having that check again, if the image is not equal to know that if the user picked an image,
then only we want to do this.
So it has to pass through this to check the first check if if all the fields are valid, you can see
currently it is valid.
Right?
And the other check is if the image is not equal to no, that is if the user goes into the gallery.
Into the gallery and peek an image you can see currently it is not equal to nor.
Then only we want to do this else.
We want to return.
I think we have already created a snack bar.
Snack bar?
What did we call it?
Let's.
What's.
Hopefully I've forgotten what we call this.
Sure.
Snack or.
Snark, I think we call the snark.
Snack bar.
So I'm just going to check what we called.
That's.
I think we created a function somewhere.
Okay.
I'm just going to have to get back to the customer and.
If you please feel small, empty.
And that is what I'm looking for.
Where did I create this?
Over.
Okay.
Sorry.
The customer log in screen.
We created it above here and we call this what we call this snack bar.
Not sure.
Snack bar.
Okay.
So we called it snack.
Snack bar.
Okay for the title.
It is a spec it says because we are specify it's going to be a string so you can say please pick.
Peak image.
Okay.
And of returning this.
Please do the right thing.
You can just return.
It's snack bar.
A snack bar.
Which is going to say please feels most.
Not be empty.
Okay, over here.
We need a semicolon.
Okay, great.
They use control necessary and add back to this.
Sign up sellers and click on this.
You can see, please feel small, not be empty.
Right.
Okay, great.
And what we can basically just do is we can just ask for support from this code.
MCKELVEY Yeah.
Where we have the upload image, the storage, we can copy this.
And back to the London customer screen.
So is London silver screen.
If you forgot.
Now we do that most of the time.
Definitely you you forget most of the things, but you have to go back to it again and we can just paste
this over here and we need to import.
Imports.
And look, we need to define this.
We need to also create a variable to store the storage because we are going to be uploading the photo
over the storage.
Right.
So we need to create a variable for that.
And over here.
You can then say finer and firebase.
Storage underscore private storage.
And this is going to be Firebase Storage.
Definitely you must have forgotten all distance, but you can just go back to it again.
It is no more.
Okay, great.
And the other thing we need is this.
Okay.
Okay, then copy this.
Pool via.
Okay.
Also this we need to I think we called this.
Remember we said the the name of the file that is the name of the image is going to be the user ID.
But what we can just do, we can say the name of the image is going to be the name of the the full name
of the user.
The full name of the user.
Okay, great.
And over here, we need to call this function, right?
And we're going to call this function before saving the data to the faster that is over here.
Right.
And.
We called House.
Underscore.
I think over.
Okay.
I think we need this.
Sorry.
Where is the image coming from?
I light.
Upload image.
Okay.
Sorry.
This is going to be the underscore image.
That is the part that is the image we are picking.
Right.
And use control necessary.
And lastly, we have to have another field over here.
Hopefully you understand all this, but you can just go back to it again and see.
I know.
Definitely you forget.
It is normal.
You don't have to feel bad.
The K and.
So we're going to call this field image.
And this is going to be what?
Download the URL.
WD r l oc remember the image is basically referring to the image with these is going to peak, right?
And that was why we have to pass it over.
Okay.
Hopefully understand this.
And this country try to save.
Now what we can just do, we need to delete this collection because you can see this user does not have
an image.
Or won't have an image.
So, Celeste.
Okay.
Great collection has been deleted and we can then pick this image.
And I'm going to join Mark.
So, Joy.
Joyce tours.
And your store.
G.M..
That's calm and the password is going to be j, y and C.
Okay.
And since we do not have a loading spinner yet, we can just check the seminar to see what is going
on there.
Look, I think it has been created and we can hope to start this.
Once we start.
Or she starts.
And hopefully a new collection called Users has been created.
You can see this collection called Users and this.
And you can then see the image, the email, the address, the store, the store name and whatever storage.
There's good check storage.
Okay.
And see what's going on there.
And profile pics.
Okay.
We have a little image, but this is the current one because we said the name of the image is going
to be the user name.
Okay.
This is the.
My wife.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.